Add Team Rep page for handbook (#14)
WordPress/test-handbook: team-reps.md

# Test Team Reps

For a quick refresher of Team Rep roles across the project, please see the [official Team Reps post on Team Updates](https://make.wordpress.org/updates/team-reps/).

## Current Reps

> The Test Team Reps for the 2022-2023 term are @boniu91 and @ironprogrammer.

Author: ```suggestion
The Test Team Reps for the 2023-2024 term are @webtechpooja and @ankit-k-gupta.
```
Reps update following the recent [voting period](https://make.wordpress.org/test/2023/09/27/test-team-reps-submit-your-votes/).
